an impact campaign insights there's three different
colors the first pillar is case
studies this will allow us to get that read-only
access of me for my
clients to be able to look at their website metrics
this is where we can show them non auto-pay Sonny's Auto case studies and case studies and unprecedented times
a second pillar is historical analysis
this is really important because once you get that read-only access
you can go back into the client's data and see
where they were advertising
and what zones to be able to build them a more strategic plan
our last pillar is campaign performance before
this is a funnel that is a set of eyes report that shows a client's web traffic over to comparable
time. There must be some sort of campaign
shift if that's a creative change or a strategy change
something along those lines
with our case studies we have Auto
which we have creative change new Advertiser
canceled broadcast at a digital
we also have our non-auto category which consists
education Furniture Retail
Finance excetera and we also
showcase what a creative change looks like in those
specific categories
and then our newest category is unprecedented times with the
recent Lifetime events we were able to show clients who were consistently advertising with us
during this time we also showed clients who have a strong e-commerce and were
able to continue that build
with this
specific time.
so now I'm going to walk you through an example of how you would use
how you would position
this type of
case study if you have a home improvement
client this is a chance for you to show them
why granting you read-only access is so important
we can show them what their website traffic looks like in the zones are advertising in
so for instance in this case study we saw that and create a messaging to to emphasize safety
show that total website sessions
increased as well as total new users
and Drakken organic traffic
not only did the awareness and consideration increase
but the intent the request and scheduled Services increased because people
felt like they were being safe that the company was being safe
and this is how we can proceed forward
after you show them the case study and they Grant you read only access
this is when you can use a historical analysis
report so this is Oracle analysis report
shows the client
of the Comcast owns this is where your
sessions your new users and your goal completions are coming from
the more heated orange is the more
dense areas where has the letter r in Israel last track
it's coming from this will let you build a consultative
approach with your Advertiser so that way you guys
can make a specific plan to make sure you're advertising in the right
if you're not going to historical analysis route our third pillar is our campaign performance report
so with our campaign performance report we start off by saying
these are the three zones are advertising
in now think of it this way
if the historical analysis told you it's talk three
zones are you decided to advertise in those top three
zones thus resulting in a campaign
performance report after 3 months of
airing your campaign with us
so I'm left it shows you your prior. Your current.
Then we have our campaign details so we have the three zones that you're advertising in in the
strategy for in this instance this client changed creative
next we move forward to what we call a the results
this lets us see what the metrics
look like across the three zones are advertising
in so let's let you see of the three zones advertising
advertising what were those sessions
what were those new users
and what was the most
direct inorganic sessions happening and what
zones so this is a nice overlay
page for science to see
what their Zones look like during their
advertising campaign
lastly we bring the client to our final page so we could prove that TV is a full Final Solution
so first we look at the awareness
total sessions and new
user a session is someone who spends at least 5 seconds on the website
a new user if someone has ever been to the website before
in this example
that both awareness that checks are at
then we move down to the consideration
phase so this is someone who is
typing into Google
your website URL
or Googling your name
we take credit for both of that
we do not look at paid search
in this example Dragon organic sessions is slightly down at
26% but we move forward to the intent
metrics so remember this client changed its creative
so more goals were completed after they change their creative during
this time so they had a total goal completions of 570 with a
8% increase
and this is how you would tell our
impact story
NOTE lang en